Cv 96 (#25)
CDOT-CV/Work_Zone: README.md

> # Work_Zone

Reviewer: We really have three separate functionalities here - one parsing WZDX messages out of iCone data, one doing the same out of COtrip data, and finally a script to combine those two separate message sets. Since we've upped the complexity can we revamp this README a bit to reflect that? For instance we really only have "how to run the script" type of descriptions here but it would be very helpful to know what business logic we are relying on to do the parsing of the various data sources. 

With that same vein of thought, we should really lay out what business logic the `combine_wzdx.py` is working with. The script itself is not very descriptive on what is being done and why. Let's work a bit on updating this README to explain how we are deciding what messages will be combined, what data we are looking to combine within those message sets, and also what data we are still missing from that combination.

Reviewer: @abinashkonersman any progress on this one?

Author: @payneBrandon i added that description after Google Cloud Function description and diagram.Please check and let me know if there is any comment.

Reviewer: I added a bit to the combine description - take a look and let me know what you think. Can we similarly add some text talking about the logic to parse out iCone and COtrip data and what fields are currently supported? Ideally we want anyone to be able to pick up this repo, plug in an iCone data feed (or COtrip) and know exactly what the code is doing.

Author: @payneBrandon  we have [Word docs](https://github.com/CDOT-CV/Work_Zone/blob/CV-96/translator/docs/WZDx%20Translator%20Field%20Mappings.docx) that describes all the fields of iCone and Cotrip data feed.

Author: @payneBrandon  should be fixed i added a little detailed description.

Reviewer: I like the link to our documentation that you added in. Next sprint we'll want to improve that documentation and update it a bit (we still reference spec 3 instead of 3.1 in a few places for instance).

>   - xmltodict

Reviewer: Now that we have significantly more requirements here, can we update this to just say we need Python 3.6 or higher, and packages as specified in the `requirements.txt`?

Author: i specified requirements.txt and changed it. it should be fixed now

Reviewer: What I mean here is that in the `requirements.txt` file we  have  many more libraries than are mentioned here. Instead of listing every one in the README, let's just update this README file to say Python 3.6 or higher is required, as well as several supporting libraries as seen in requirements.txt.

Author: i changed it there

```
python -m translator.source_code.cotrip_translator -i inputfile.json -o outputfile.geojson
```

Example usage:

```
python -m translator.source_code.cotrip_translator -i 'translator/sample files/cotrip_data/cotrip_1.json' 
```

### Execution for Combine_wzdx

> #### Step 1: Run the translator script (from Work_Zone/translator/source_code)

Reviewer: Since there's only a single step, I don't think we need to call out "step 1..."

Author: should be fixed..i only did just put the word "step" instead of "step 1"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Run the translator script (from Work_Zone/translator/source_code)
```

Author: i thought i changed it but i guess i did not ..it should be fixed now

Reviewer: Can we still remove the "step: " text? It reads quite awkward.

Author: @payneBrandon It should be fixed now.

![alt text](translator/GCP_cloud_function/iCone%20Translator%20block%20diagram.png)

### Message Combination Logic:

> The combined WZDx script file combines each set of duplicated messages from iCone and COtrip to a single improved WZDx message.It begins with COtrip message and adds data from iCone and publishes a combined WZDx message as an output.The script file checks for the vehicle_impact from iCone WZDx message and adds it    to the Combined WZDx output message file along with all  data sources present in  iCone message.We intend to add more fields in future but currently only vehicle_impact and datasources are being combined.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `combine_wzdx` script file combines the output from the iCone and COtrip translators, based on overlapping geography, into a single improved WZDx message. The COtrip message set contains significantly more data, and is used as the base for this new combined message. The script then finds any geographically co-located messages from the iCone data set, pulls in the additional information (comprised of vehicle impact data and data sources) and publishes a new, combined WZDx message. Future state of this script will include additional data fields from the iCone data set as they become available.
```

Author: @payneBrandon  I changed the description .
